# Data Analytics Fundamentals

This site provides documentation for this project.
Use the navigation to explore module-specific materials.

## How-To Guide

Many instructions are common to all our projects.

See
[⭐ **Workflow: Apply Example**](https://denisecase.github.io/pro-analytics-02/workflow-b-apply-example-project/)
to get these projects running on your machine.

## Project Documentation Pages (docs/)

- **Home** - this documentation landing page
- [**Project Instructions**](./project-instructions.md) - specific to this module
- [**Your Files**](./your-files.md) - how to copy the example and create your version
- [**Glossary**](./glossary.md) - project terms and concepts
- [**API**](./api.md) - autogenerated code documentation for public project interface
   Not easy to read, but useful once you get used to it.
- **Module-specific**
  - [RESOURCES.md](./module/RESOURCES.md)
  - [seaborn-datasets.md](./module/seaborn-datasets.md)
  - [TROUBLESHOOTING.md](./module/TROUBLESHOOTING.md)


## Custom Project

### Dataset
- Dataset: Tips
- Description: Restaurant tipping data recording total bill, tip amount, and inforamtion about the dining party (size, time, day, smoker status).
- Source: Bryant, P. G. and Smith, M. A. (1995), Practical Data Analysis:
      Case Studies in Business Statistics.
    - Access: Available via Seaborn's built-in datasets

### Phase 4 Modifications
-In Phase 4 I created a second scatterplot to compare two new variables: bill length vs body mass.
-We knew for the heat map that there was not as strong a correlation between these two variables, which is visible now in the new scatterplot.

### Phase 5 Custom Project
-In Phase 5 I created a new notebook and .py code to run an EDA on the Tips data set (described above)
- Overall, it is noted that Total Bill is a relatively good indicator of Tip.  Thus, a next step could be to do a linear regression of the data in order to model tip based on a total bill.  It was noted that weekends appear to have significant variability as to what tip to expect.
